(***)  favorite story.
Any theory, any story.
(***) i had like
A picture book? I see.
we got it from japan but it was just like about
A cat who is like a baker in the forest?
It's a really simple story, but the illustrations are really cool.
like soft and gentle so actually I pulled it out later
a week or two ago and i was like oh it's here ha ha ha
just reall like (***)Oh it's like it hNo.
it's like the cat baker
I don't remember the exact title, but...
It's not very well known.
huh ha ha ha
oh
ohhhh ha ha ha
Curious Jew
what was the stroy
ohh
huh ha huh ha
ahh the classic
Oh my, it's like a real monkey.
huh ha
I think I get it. I think I get it.
yeah yeah
(***)
Oh, really? Never ending.
huh
(***)
the dragon?
I think it was a big (***)
(***)
dragon Yeah, yeah.
It's coming out this year. Oh, the remake?
i heard like a
Really? The author complained about it so much
That's what I heard. oh i (***)
I haven't watched the movie though. I've only read half way through
through the book, so it's really become a never-ending story.
ha ha ha ha
Like the ending wasn't the same, I think.
They (***)  yeah
That's what I heard.
ohhh
Oh yeah, I think something like that in the author did it
yeah ahhh
Thank you.
ohhh ahhh
yeah huh haaa
you
ha ha ha
oh
with different I don't know.
yeah I need you to read it.
Yes, finish reading the book!
yeah ha ha ha
Yeah, maybe it'll be a new ending. Yeah, it might be.
maybe that's why they wanted to honor them
i don't know huh ha
huh ha ha ha
ha ha ha (***)
They wrote it. They wrote it, yes. yeah
yeah
huh huh haaaa
oh
I haven't watched the movie, so I don't know.
(***)
yeah ha ha ha
But I don't know in English. I only know the Japanese.
yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't know how it works in the original anyways.